Updates to ReadMe for setup instructions and added basic seed scripts (#30)
ksyed-data/renovation-tracker-backend-2025: README.md

This repo contains the source code for the back-end of the 2025 CoStar VCU Capstone Project

## **Installation Prerequisites**

### Podman

The project uses podman to manage containers, follow the installation guide found here:

https://github.com/containers/podman/blob/main/docs%2Ftutorials%2Fpodman-for-windows.md

> 

Reviewer: Add something here to install podman compose

### Package Management

This project uses [`uv`](https://github.com/astral-sh/uv) for package management

**Install uv with this command:**

```sh
pip install uv
```

## Setup Environment

Use this command to sync your environment with all dependencies in pyproject.toml file.

```sh
uv sync
```

### Additional Packages

Use these commands to add or remove additional packages to the project

```sh
uv add pillow
uv remove pillow
```

## Spin up mySQL server

- **Start Podman machine**

```sh
podman machine start
```

- **Spin up DB container**

```sh
podman compose up -d mysql
```

## Run FastAPI

### Run launch config with VC Code

- Open Run & Debug: Ctrl + Shift + D

- Press F5 to start the server

### Access API

> Open your browser and visit host http://127.0.0.1:8000 to access the API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open your browser and visit host http://localhost:8000 to access the API
```
